Photography is the art, application, and practice of creating durable images by recording light, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film.



Essentially, the purpose of photography is to communicate and document moments in time. When you take a photograph and share it with others, you're showing a moment that was frozen through a picture. This moment can tell someone many things, from the environment to what people are doing



A photographer typically works in a freelance capacity, and is hired for specific jobs by a variety of clients. A part-time/freelance photographer hired by a client is responsible for following the client's wishes down to the finest details, as well as for setting up a business model that makes pricing and options clearly visible and accessible.



Types

Photojournalism

Real estate 
photography
Wedding 
photography

Fashion photography

Travel photography

Architectural photography

Food photography e.t.c.



digital or physical photographs for the purpose of development and/or editing work.



Photographer salary
The average pay for photographers in the United States is around $18.73 per hour. Wages typically start from $11.80 an hour and go up to…
 


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photography

















What is cinematography?
Cinematography is the art and craft of making motion pictures by capturing a story visually. Though, technically, cinematography is the art and the science of recording light either electronically onto an image sensor or chemically onto film.

Taken from the Greek for "writing with movement," cinematography is the creation of images you see on screen. A series of shots that form a cohesive narrative. Cinematography composes each shot, considering, where everything in frame demands attention.

CINEMATOGRAPHY ELEMENTS:
Lighting
Shot size
Camera focus
Shot composition
Camera placement
Camera movement
https://www.studiobinder.com/blog/what-is-cinematography/

Is cinematography a good career? Cinematography is a highly specialized field that requires a mix of creativity and technical skills. It can be a challenging and rewarding career, but it is not for everyone. As with any profession, the level of success you achieve depends largely on your own efforts and dedication.

According to self-reported statistics from Payscale, the national cinematographer salary average is $56,775 per year with an hourly average of $19.28 as of 2019. Per CareerExplorer, cinematographers in the 90th percentile make an average of $106,547 per year, which is an hourly rate of $51.22.

Cinematographers, sometimes referred to as directors of photography, are skilled in the operation of the camera and lighting equipment used to produce movies, television shows and other film projects. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) predicts strong competition for jobs in this field over the next few years.
















Computer programming is the process of performing a particular computation, usually by designing and building an executable computer program. Programming involves tasks such as analysis, generating algorithms, profiling algorithms' accuracy and resource consumption, and the implementation of algorithm.



Coding tells a machine which actions to perform and how to complete tasks. Programming languages provide the rules for building websites, apps, and other computer-based technologies. Each programming language helps humans accurately communicate with machines.21 Jan 2022



If your goal is to learn to code as quickly as possible, you can become proficient in as little as 3 months. If you're looking to change careers, then you can become proficient in coding for web development or data science in 3 months or more through a coding bootcamp or self-teaching



The national average for an entry-level coder is $53,000, but depending on your location you can earn an average of up to $80,000 a year. With more experience and a higher job title, the average salary drastically increases.



Jobs Coders Can Get

Computer Programmer. ...

Web Developer. ...

Front-End Developer. ...

Back-End Developer. ...

Full-Stack Developer. ...

Software Application Developer. ...

Computer Systems Analyst. ...

Computer Systems Engineer.

















Fashion design is the creation of design concepts which are then translated into manufactured garments for every occasion. The fashion industry is a worldwide industry which constantly requires a supply of designers and design concepts to feed a voracious consumer demand for clothes and accessories.



Fashion designers sketch designs of clothing, footwear, and accessories. Fashion designers create original clothing, accessories, and footwear. They sketch designs, select fabrics and patterns, and give instructions on how to make the products they design.



It is one of the most in-demand careers in the world. Being a highly creative field, it can give you the opportunity to blend cultures, traverse traditional attires to the contemporary ones and even play with color themes



The mean salary for fashion designers was $74,410 per year, or $6,200 per month. Fashion designers' median salary was lower at $64,260 per year, or $5,355 per month. The salaries for the lowest and highest 10% of fashion designers ranged from $32,320 per year to $130,900 per year.



https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fashion_design


















Baking is a method of preparing food that uses dry heat, typically in an oven, but can also be done in hot ashes, or on hot stones. The most common baked item is bread but many other types of foods can be baked. Heat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and pieces of bread to their center.



Baking will lead you to decide on what flavors will go with what recipe, what happens when you alternate ingredients, and further the customization of your recipes according to your taste or your customer demands. Hence it helps you develop the ability to make decisions.



So today we'll walk you through the 4 basic methods of baking so you don't end up with a disaster cake.

WHISKING.

CREAMING.

MELTING.

RUBBING IN.



Not only is baking and pastry a great career—it's a surprisingly versatile industry with opportunity in many niches.



A Baker will normally receive a salary between $21,070 and $43,310 based on education and experience. can earn an average wage of thirty-one thousand and sixty dollars per annum.




https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baking




















Shoemaking is the process of making footwear. Originally, shoes were made one at a time by hand, often by groups of shoemakers, or cobblers. In the 18th century, dozens or even hundreds of masters, journeymen and apprentices would work together in a shop, dividing up the work into individual tasks.



Shoemakers design and make footwear using hand and machine tools. They will stay up-to-date with fashion trends and new styles, anticipating what will be in fashion in coming seasons. Some shoemakers run their own businesses, handmaking their own collections and custom or limited-edition shoes for clients.



Shoes are always in demand anytime of the year hence everybody needs a good pair of shoe, or shoes. This makes it a very lucrative business. Starting a business in the shoe-making industry is one of the most profitable things an entrepreneur can do given the right skill and good business sense.



The salaries of Custom Shoemakers in the US range from $17,780 to $36,430 , with a median salary of $23,630 . The middle 50% of Custom Shoemakers makes $23,630, with the top 75% making $36,430.



https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shoemaking